com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Admin/AdminNewOrderActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$2$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$2$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$3$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminNewOrderActivity$AdminOrdersViewHolder
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentShareBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentShareBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySuccessfullyConfirmBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySuccessfullyConfirmBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySellerAddNewProductBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySellerAddNewProductBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ViewHolder/AdminOrdersViewHolder.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.AdminOrdersViewHolder
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/SellerItemViewBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.SellerItemViewBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/PaymentActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.PaymentActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.PaymentActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.PaymentActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.PaymentActivity$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.PaymentActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.PaymentActivity$4
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/SliderLayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.SliderLayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/OrdersLayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.OrdersLayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ViewHolder/OrdersViewHolder.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.OrdersViewHolder
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentOrderBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentOrderBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/SearchProductActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SearchProductActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SearchProductActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SearchProductActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SearchProductActivity$2$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityFacebookSigninBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityFacebookSigninBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ViewHolder/SellerItemViewHolder.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.SellerItemViewHolder
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Model/Orders.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Model.Orders
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/LoginActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.LoginActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.LoginActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.LoginActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.LoginActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.LoginActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.LoginActivity$5
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.BuildConfig
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityConfirmFinalOrderBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityConfirmFinalOrderBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Config/Config.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Config.Config
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Admin/AdminMaintainProductsActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$6
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.home.HomeFragment
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/send/SendFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.send.SendFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.send.SendFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerCompleteFormSocialLoginActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerCompleteFormSocialLoginActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerCompleteFormSocialLoginActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerCompleteFormSocialLoginActivity$2
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityPaymentBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityPaymentBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerAddNewProductActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$4$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$4$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerAddNewProductActivity$6
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityAdminCheckNewProductsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityAdminCheckNewProductsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ViewHolder/CartViewHolder.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.CartViewHolder
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySellerLoginBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySellerLoginBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityAdminHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityAdminHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/share/ShareFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.share.ShareFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.share.ShareFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySearchProductBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySearchProductBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerRegistrationActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerRegistrationActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerRegistrationActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerRegistrationActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerRegistrationActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerRegistrationActivity$3$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/tools/ToolsViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.tools.ToolsViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySellerCompleteFormSocialLoginBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySellerCompleteFormSocialLoginBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/tools/ToolsFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.tools.ToolsFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.tools.ToolsFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityCategoriesBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityCategoriesBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Admin/AdminCheckNewProductsActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity$2$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminCheckNewProductsActivity$3$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/send/SendViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.send.SendViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerHomeActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerHomeActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerHomeActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerHomeActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerHomeActivity$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerHomeActivity$2$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerHomeActivity$3
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySellerHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySellerHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Admin/AdminUserProductsActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminUserProductsActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminUserProductsActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminUserProductsActivity$2
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Model/Cart.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Model.Cart
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityOnBoardingBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityOnBoardingBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ContentHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ContentHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ViewHolder/FavoriteViewHolder.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.FavoriteViewHolder
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerFacebookSigninActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerFacebookSigninActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerFacebookSigninActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerFacebookSigninActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerFacebookSigninActivity$3
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Model/Products.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Model.Products
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentSendBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentSendBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/Fragment2.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.Fragment2
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/OnBoardingActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.OnBoardingActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.OnBoardingActivity$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/OrderLayoutView2Binding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.OrderLayoutView2Binding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerGoogleSigningActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerGoogleSigningActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerGoogleSigningActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerGoogleSigningActivity$2
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Model/AdminOrders.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Model.AdminOrders
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/SuccessfullyConfirmActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SuccessfullyConfirmActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SuccessfullyConfirmActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SuccessfullyConfirmActivity$2
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/OrderLayoutView1Binding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.OrderLayoutView1Binding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityAdminUserProductsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityAdminUserProductsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Model/Users.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Model.Users
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityAdminMaintainProductsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityAdminMaintainProductsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityCategoryDetailsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityCategoryDetailsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerLoginActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerLoginActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerLoginActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerLoginActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerLoginActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerLoginActivity$4
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityPaymentDetailsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityPaymentDetailsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ProductItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ProductItemsLayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySellerRegistrationBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySellerRegistrationBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityOrderBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityOrderBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityProductDetailsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityProductDetailsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentToolsBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentToolsBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/Fragment1LayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.Fragment1LayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityResetPasswordBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.SplashActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.SplashActivity$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Model/Favorites.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Model.Favorites
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/CustomAppbarBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.CustomAppbarBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityAdminNewOrderBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityAdminNewOrderBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/Fragment2LayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.Fragment2LayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/RegisterActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.RegisterActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.RegisterActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.RegisterActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.RegisterActivity$2$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/AppBarHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.AppBarHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/CustomProductItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.CustomProductItemsLayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityFavoritesBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityFavoritesBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/FavoriteItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.FavoriteItemLayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Interface/ItemClickListener.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Interface.ItemClickListener
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/NavHeaderHomeBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.NavHeaderHomeBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/CartItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.CartItemsLayoutBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivityGoogleSignInBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivityGoogleSignInBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Sellers/SellerProductCategoryActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$10
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$11
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$12
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$13
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$6
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$7
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$8
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Sellers.SellerProductCategoryActivity$9
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/SliderAdapter.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.SliderAdapter
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/ui/share/ShareViewModel.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.ui.share.ShareViewModel
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/databinding/ActivitySellerCategoryBinding.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.databinding.ActivitySellerCategoryBinding
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/SettingsActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$5$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$5$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$6
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.SettingsActivity$7
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/ResetPasswordActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$4$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$4$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$4$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ResetPasswordActivity$6
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/CategoriesActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$10
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$11
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$12
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$13
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$6
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$7
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$8
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoriesActivity$9
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$6
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ProductDetailsActivity$7
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/HomeActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$5
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$6
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$7
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$8
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$8$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$8$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$8$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.HomeActivity$9
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/FavoritesActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.FavoritesActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.FavoritesActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.FavoritesActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.FavoritesActivity$2$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.FavoritesActivity$2$1$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/OrderActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.OrderActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.OrderActivity$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/CategoryDetailsActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoryDetailsActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoryDetailsActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoryDetailsActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CategoryDetailsActivity$2$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/MainActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.MainActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.MainActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.MainActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.MainActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.MainActivity$4
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Admin/AdminHomeActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminHomeActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminHomeActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminHomeActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminHomeActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Admin.AdminHomeActivity$4
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/CartActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$3$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$3$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$3$1$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$4
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.CartActivity$5
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/ConfirmFinalOrderActivity.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$2
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3$1$1$1
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/emankhaled/ecommerceapp/Buyer/Fragment1.java
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.Fragment1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.Fragment1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.Fragment1$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.Fragment1$1$1$1
 com.emankhaled.ecommerceapp.Buyer.Fragment1$2
